Let us look at compound statements these are commonly used statements in programming.
Like if I have a variable sum which is having value ten then also I have one variable x that is having
value 5.
So usually we say what? sum Plus assign X so the value of x and sum are added. then where the results
should be stored?
I'm storing it in sum again.
So I can say that the value of sum is updated by adding value of x.
So the result is back in X. let us display this and see what the result
Will be shown. see this is 15,  ten plus 5 is 15.
So instead of writing this statement like this writing  sum on the side we can also say sum Plus assign x.
So this is a compound statement for addition and the result will be same
it is 15.
So this is a very handy statement and it is more readable.
Instead of writing sum on both the sides, if you write compound statement if you use then it's very
easy to read even I use multiplication here.
So this will multiply X with the sum and the result is stored in sum again.
So if I am displaying it then the result would be 50.
And one more statement I'll show you more commonly used.
That is if I have a variable X whose value is 10.
Then I can say X assign X plus 1.
So this will increase the value of X by 1.
And if I print this one X, lets print  the value of x, x should change by 1 incremented by 1.
Yes it became 11.
Even we can use minus.
This is decrement by 1, 9
We are getting the result. now instead of writing like this.
We can also say X plus assign 1.
So one will be added to x
and that's it.
This is 11.
So this is all you can you make use of compound statements.
So we will write few programs where we'll be using compound statements.